Stewards whitepaper: add an introduction (#216)
orcwg/orcwg: cyber-resilience-sig/whitepapers/stewards-and-cra.md

This whitepaper will aim at elaborating on the obligations, restrictions, and penalties that will be imposed to Stewards.

> From the elaboration on the legal text, we will outline the missing pieces, documents, and procedures that Stewards need to have to fulfill their obligations.

Author: Updated, thanks!

This is a draft document and may be updated, replaced or obsoleted at any time. It is inappropriate to cite this document as other than
a work in progress. Publication of this document as a draft does not imply endorsement by the Eclipse Foundation, Open Regulatory Working Group Members, or contributors.

## Introduction

Open Source Stewards are defined in the CRA as a separate group of actors, different from Manufacturers. A Steward must be a legal person
(a [registered legal entity](https://cra.orcwg.org/faq/stewards/who-can-be-steward/) such as a for-profit or non-profit company, a foundation, etc) and is also different from the Open Source Project itself.

Before the CRA, there was no such an actor in the law. The existence of the role of Open Source Stewards removes the risks of
Open Source actors that could be classified as Manufacturers for the software they do not monetize.

However, most Open Source projects today, especially small ones, [do not have a steward](https://cra.orcwg.org/faq/stewards/do-all-projects-have-stewards/). Obligations listed in this document do not apply to them.

> This document does not cover the question which organization is a Steward for a given Project, nor if an organization is a Steward

Author: Fixed, thanks!

This is a draft document and may be updated, replaced or obsoleted at any time. It is inappropriate to cite this document as other than
a work in progress. Publication of this document as a draft does not imply endorsement by the Eclipse Foundation, Open Regulatory Working Group Members, or contributors.

## Introduction

Open Source Stewards are defined in the CRA as a separate group of actors, different from Manufacturers. A Steward must be a legal person
(a [registered legal entity](https://cra.orcwg.org/faq/stewards/who-can-be-steward/) such as a for-profit or non-profit company, a foundation, etc) and is also

> different from the Open Source Project itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(a [registered legal entity](https://cra.orcwg.org/faq/stewards/who-can-be-steward/) such as a for-profit or non-profit company, a foundation, etc). It should be
distinguished from the Open Source Project itself.
```

Before the CRA, there was no such actor in the law. The existence of the role of Open Source Stewards removes the risk that
Open Source actors that could be classified as Manufacturers for the software they do not monetize.

However, most Open Source projects today, especially small ones, [do not have a steward](https://cra.orcwg.org/faq/stewards/do-all-projects-have-stewards/).
Obligations listed in this document do not apply to them.

> This document does not cover the question of which organization is a Steward for a given Project, nor if an organization is a Steward

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document does not elaborate on the criteria for determining whether and how an organization qualifies as a Steward for a given Project, nor if an organization is a Steward
```

Author: Applied, thanks!
